[docs] Gh #5196 describe current limitations (#5428)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/reference/test-api/testcontroller/README.md

});
```

The test runner uses the test controller to access the internal context required for the test API to operate. When you call [selectors](../../../guides/basic-guides/select-page-elements.md) and [client functions](../../../guides/basic-guides/obtain-client-side-info.md) from Node.js callbacks, pass the test controller explicitly, because the API cannot retrieve it from the context.

## Implicit Test Controller Use

> You may need to call the test API from outside the test code. For instance, your [page model](../../../guides/concepts/page-model.md) can contain methods that perform common operations used in different tests (like authentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need to call the test API from outside the test code. For instance, your [page model](../../../guides/concepts/page-model.md) can contain methods that perform common operations used in different tests (e.g., authentication).
```

});
```

The test runner uses the test controller to access the internal context required for the test API to operate. When you call [selectors](../../../guides/basic-guides/select-page-elements.md) and [client functions](../../../guides/basic-guides/obtain-client-side-info.md) from Node.js callbacks, pass the test controller explicitly, because the API cannot retrieve it from the context.

> If you explicitly call a test controller, do so in a stack trace that has the test body signature.
>
> Constructs like `setTimeout`/`setInterval`, Promises and native async functions create a clean stack frame. In it, test controller can't access a test body signature and resolve the test context.
>

> > For this reason, use imported test controllers in a synchronous context.

Author: Your version is obviously clearer. But perhaps a `don't` instead of `can't`?

> **Do not** use an imported test controller in Promises, asynchronous functions, `setTimeout`/`setInterva`l callbacks, and other asynchronous routines. These routines do not preserve the original stack frame so that TestCafe cannot obtain the test controller instance.

> > For this reason, use imported test controllers in a synchronous context.

Reviewer 2: Yes, `do not` is probably fine but I usually prefer saying what you cannot do. Because `do not` usually implies some danger. Anyway, I'd rather ask Dirk.

> > For this reason, use imported test controllers in a synchronous context.

Reviewer 3: Yes, you can use 'Do not' here, but you are repeating it in the next sentence. It is always better to say what you should do instead of what you should not do.

Use [insert text here] instead of Promises, asynchronous functions, setTimeout/setInterval callbacks, and other asynchronous routines because these routines do not preserve the original stack frame. TestCafe cannot obtain the test controller instance from these routines.

OR

Promises, asynchronous functions, setTimeout/setInterval callbacks, and other asynchronous routines do not preserve the original stack frame. TestCafe cannot obtain the test controller instance from these routines.

> > For this reason, use imported test controllers in a synchronous context.

Author: > Promises, asynchronous functions, setTimeout/setInterval callbacks, and other asynchronous routines do not preserve the original stack frame. TestCafe cannot obtain the test controller instance from these routines.
